content/research/hero.md, before:

+++
# Hero widget.
widget = "hero"  # See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/
headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 10  # Order that this section will appear.

title = "Academic"

# Hero image (optional). Enter filename of an image in the `static/img/` folder.
hero_media = "hero-academic.png"

[design.background]
  # Apply a background color, gradient, or image.
  #   Uncomment (by removing `#`) an option to apply it.
  #   Choose a light or dark text color by setting `text_color_light`.
  #   Any HTML color name or Hex value is valid.

  # Background color.
  # color = "navy"
  
  # Background gradient.
  gradient_start = "#4bb4e3"
  gradient_end = "#2b94c3"
  
  # Background image.
  # image = ""  # Name of image in `static/img/`.
  # image_darken = 0.6  # Darken the image? Range 0-1 where 0 is transparent and 1 is opaque.

  # Text color (true=light or false=dark).
  text_color_light = true

[design.spacing]
  # Customize the section spacing. Order is top, right, bottom, left.
  padding = ["50px", "0", "20px", "0"]

# Call to action links (optional).
#   Display link(s) by specifying a URL and label below. Icon is optional for `[cta]`.
#   Remove a link/note by deleting a cta/note block.
[cta]
  url = "https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/install/"
  label = "Get Started"
  icon_pack = "fas"
  icon = "download"
  
[cta_alt]
  url = "https://sourcethemes.com/academic/"
  label = "View Documentation"

# Note. An optional note to show underneath the links.
[cta_note]
  label = '<a id="academic-release" href="https://sourcethemes.com/academic/updates" data-repo="gcushen/hugo-academic">Latest release <!-- V --></a>'
+++

**The Best Way to Create the Website You Want from Markdown (or Jupyter/RStudio)**

Build **Anything** with Widgets

<span style="text-shadow: none;"><a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/gcushen/hugo-academic" data-icon="octicon-star" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Star this on GitHub">Star</a><script async defer src="https://buttons.github.io/buttons.js"></script></span>

Commit message:

site: added content to research page

content/research/hero.md, after:

+++
# Hero widget.
widget = "blank"  # See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/
headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 10  # Order that this section will appear.

title = "Joining My Research Group"

[design]
  # Choose how many columns the section has. Valid values: 1 or 2.
  columns = "1"

[design.background]
  # Apply a background color, gradient, or image.
  #   Uncomment (by removing `#`) an option to apply it.
  #   Choose a light or dark text color by setting `text_color_light`.
  #   Any HTML color name or Hex value is valid.

  # Background color.
  # color = "navy"
  
  # Background gradient.
  gradient_start = "#138e1c"
  gradient_end = "#0a5b10"
  
  # Background image.
  # image = ""  # Name of image in `static/img/`.
  # image_darken = 0.6  # Darken the image? Range 0-1 where 0 is transparent and 1 is opaque.

  # Text color (true=light or false=dark).
  text_color_light = true

[design.spacing]
  # Customize the section spacing. Order is top, right, bottom, left.
  padding = ["50px", "0", "20px", "0"]

# Note. An optional note to show underneath the links.
[cta_note]
  label = '<a id="academic-release" href="https://sourcethemes.com/academic/updates" data-repo="gcushen/hugo-academic">Latest release <!-- V --></a>'
+++

*Pay attention to this space for research opportunities.  I will post them here as they arise.*

**Postdocs:** I have no current openings.  Occasional funding for teaching postdocs may be available through the department.  Contact me if interested.

**Grad students:** Current VT MS and PhD students who are interested in working with me should contact me by e-mail to setup a meeting with me.  Prospective graduate students should also contact me to alert me to their application to VT.

**Undergrads:** I occasionally have space for undergrad researchers.  I encourage CMDA students who want to do research with me to do well in CMDA 3634, with me (prefered) or with another instructor.
